please welcome my partner in science and
in life dr. will caster the path to fill
their super intelligence requires us to
unlock the most fundamental secrets of
the universe imagine a machine with a
full range of human emotion its
analytical power will be greater and the
collective intelligence of every person
in the history of the world some
scientists refer to this as the
singularity professor I call it
transcendence a series of attacks
conducted by a radical anti-tech group
known as rift they hit AI labs all over
the country we lost decades of research
and development it's radiation poisoning
the bullet must have been laced with it
the effect is irreversible Will's body
is dying but his mind is a pattern of
electrical signals we can upload his
consciousness we can save him not like
this assuming that this works if we
missed anything a thought a childhood
memory how will you know who you're
dealing with
oh my god I can't feel anything I'm here
you need to get me online I need more
power it may be intelligent may even be
sent him this is no metal shove it down
so low down it's your friends crossed a
line they don't know the danger
this is astounding so how do we fight it
Oh God and they I is like any
intelligence it has needs the real will
die
it'll start to evolve where's the
machine to them cause
perhaps the entire world where are you
going
everywhere
you